set the trumpet to your mouth he shall
come like an eagle against the house of
the Lord because they have transgressed
my covenant and rebelled against my law
Israel will cry to me my god we know you
Israel has rejected the good the enemy
will pursue him they set up Kings but
not by me
they made princes but I did not
acknowledge them from their silver and
gold they made idols for themselves that
they might be cut off your calf is
rejected Oh Samaria my anger is aroused
against them how long until they attain
to innocence for from Israel is even
this a workman made it and it is not God
but the calf of Samaria shall be broken
to pieces they sow the wind and reap the
whirlwind
the stork has no bud it shall never
produce meal if it should produce aliens
would swallow it up
Israel is swallowed up now they are
among the Gentiles like a vessel in
which is no pleasure
for they have gone up to Assyria like a
wild donkey alone by itself Ephraim has
hired lovers yes though they have hired
among the nations now I will gather them
and there shall sorrow a little because
of the burden of the king of princes
because Ephraim has made many altars for
sin they have become for him altars for
sinning I have written for him the great
things of my law but they were
considered a strange thing for the
sacrifices of my offerings they
sacrifice flesh and eat it but the Lord
does not accept them now he will
remember their iniquity and punish their
sins they shall return to Egypt for
Israel has forgotten his maker and has
built temples Judah also has multiplied
fortified cities but I will send fire
upon his cities and it shall devour his
palaces